ILM docs: improve @custom component template usage/details (#3511)
elastic/docs-content: manage-data/lifecycle/index-lifecycle-management/tutorial-customize-built-in-policies.md

{{es}} includes a set of built-in {{ilm-init}} policies that govern how managed indices transition as they age. This guide demonstrates how you can customize the lifecycle of a managed index, to adjust how the index transitions across [data tiers](/manage-data/lifecycle/data-tiers.md) and what [actions](/manage-data/lifecycle/index-lifecycle-management/index-lifecycle.md#ilm-phase-actions), such as downsampling or shrinking, are performed on the index during each lifecycle phase.

> Setting a custom {{ilm-init}} policy is useful when you have a specific set of indices, for example a set of Kubernetes logs which can grow to be quite large in volume, for which you don't want to use the default data retention duration and other {{ilm-init}} settings.

Reviewer: beautiful :)

To apply your new {{ilm-init}} policy to the `logs` index template, create or edit the `logs@custom` component template.

> A `*@custom` component template allows you to customize the mappings and settings of managed index templates, without having to override managed index templates or component templates. This type of component template is automatically picked up by the index template.

Reviewer: The sentence with `*@custom` component template feels a bit weird.

Apparently it implies that any random `*@custom` component template will be magically picked up by an index template. So if I create `mydata@custom` it will be picked up by a template.

I think what we want to mean here is that we can create `logs@custom`, `metrics@custom`, `traces@custom`, and others (but not `any`), and those will be `picked` because they belong to the default index templates created by the stack, right?

Maybe we can convert this list into a table and include for each ILM policy the associated stack index template that uses it?

<img width="955" height="384" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f80b6123-d77e-49b6-ad71-067a648c52de" />

And then in this section we can explain that we can create any `*@custom` component template where `*` is any of the default index templates, but not any random string....

Reviewer: Sorry, maybe an easier solution just with a text suggestion :) Let me know your thoughts.

```suggestion
A `<name-of-managed-index-template>@custom` component template allows you to customize the mappings and settings of the managed index templates, without having to override them or their main component templates. This type of component template, which doesn't exist by default, is already included in all managed index templates to allow customizations.
```

Not sure if my goal is clear, if you understand it and you think there's a better way please go ahead!
